[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to Beyond Belief.
We've got a real special guest
for you today, Regina Meredith.
Regina is an Emmy award-winning
producer, and of course,
hosts her own program,
Open Minds on Gaia,
that is probably one of the
most astounding shows I've ever
seen.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: That's
a very kind statement
coming from you, George.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: We're going to talk
about a different aspect
of you.
Something that a lot
of people don't know--
that you're interested in
science and the universe
and things like that.
But how did you get started in
all this in the first place?
>>MEREDITH: Oh, I think everyone
has the beginning of what
we call their woo-woo
journey, although I
don't like the term woo-woo
or new-age anymore at all.
But the journey of looking
beyond the tangible, physical
universe.
Which is essentially the
meaning of the word occult.
We tend to think of it in a dark
spectrum, when it simply means
the truth that's hidden, right?
And so, I've been
interested in hidden truths
for probably about
30 or 40 years
now, which started with
my first meditation.
I did a little TM
with a girlfriend.
Not officially, because
I wasn't given my mantra.
I just chose a word and
she put me in a room
with a 20-minute alarm on it and
said, OK, just say your word.
So, I said my word and about
10 minutes into the meditation,
I'm guessing, all of a
sudden, I was somewhere else
watching an Indian
woman in a sari jumping
to her death over a cliff.
And she had a red
sari on, it was
flapping in the wind over
these very dry lands,
plunging to her
death in slow motion.
And so, that was
the first time I
had a full-on other kind
of experience slash vision
while I was awake.
And so, that began
the curiosity--
>>NOORY: And the journey.
>>MEREDITH: And
the journey, yeah.
>>NOORY: I want to talk with
you about alternative universes.
Tell me your thoughts on that.
>>MEREDITH: Well,
the way I might
term it is more parallel
dimensions, dimensions
of reality.
And my particular interest
has been, for many years,
because of some later
guidance that I had--
I've had for the last
30 years an association
with this particular
woman who was
a channel, although at
the time, I didn't know
what channeling was.
And I had access to these
beings that had really,
to this day, probably the most
pristine body of knowledge
I've ever been exposed to.
Very clean, clear, austere.
Nothing personal.
Just get to the facts,
asking about science,
healing, the universe,
how things work.
And I was very
curious about that.
And a story emerged from that
that captivated me and really
has held me since then
into understanding
that, in my opinion, it's at
the crux of what we are today
and what we need to
break free from in order
to reclaim our sovereignty.
And not by way of a
dark agenda, but by way
of being asleep
for so very long.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
And that's the area that
I love, is the interface
of other dimensional
beings, Earth humans, others
that are from other places,
third dimensional space beings,
if you want to call them that.
Extraterrestrials.
And Earth and how the
whole thing came together.
And how it's still
working together.
That's my particular
fascination.
>>NOORY: Some people believe
Bigfoot might be dimensional.
>>MEREDITH: Yes, they do.
I did an interview recently
with a French Canadian shaman,
wonderful man, Son
Bow, and he has
had communication of
a telepathic nature
with these beings.
And they have begun telling
him stories about the origins
of their species.
And then the origins
of our species,
and how this plays together.
And Bigfoot seems
to have the capacity
to phase out of
this dimension when
need be, and phase back in.
Which might be part of
the secret of what's
kept them basically safe
and still in existence
throughout all these years.
>>NOORY: And uncaught.
>>MEREDITH: That's what I mean.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah, exactly.
>>NOORY: It is
really remarkable.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: With these
dimensional travelers,
like Bigfoot, for example,
how do you think it works?
How do they come in
and come out at will?
>>MEREDITH: I don't know.
But I am guessing it has
to do with pure projection
of consciousness.
If they have a, so to speak,
an intention or desire,
they're able to literally shift
their frequency range so it
comes into the visible range.
And they can retract or
withdraw that literally at will.
How that works, I have no idea.
>>NOORY: What if they don't
even know that they're doing it?
What if it's accidental?
They stumbled into a portal or
something and here they are.
>>MEREDITH: Well, that goes
back to my original story
about the mysterious origins
of the human species,
where something like
that did kind of occur.
But I think once you're an
integrated species and you've
been around for a
few 100,000 years,
I don't think it's
something they accidentally
pop in and out of.
I would think it would be by
design and by consciousness,
if they're capable
of doing that.
It is not a normal, simple
thing for any species
to be able to phase
in and out physically
of another dimension.
That takes some
skill and knowledge.
>>NOORY: It's an
amazing possibility
that there are multiverses
and other dimensions that
are out there.
It boggles the mind, doesn't it?
>>MEREDITH: It does.
Because I don't think we
can conceive of anything yet
that we can't essentially
see, touch, taste, feel.
And so, we have to go then on
a matter of either intellect
or faith.
And when the two
come together, to me,
that's where it
becomes interesting.
I don't take the world
of scientific materialism
as the God's truth.
And I don't take
channeled or intuitively
revealed information, per
se, as the God's truth.
But when you start seeing
the overlay between them,
that's, to me, where life
starts becoming interesting
and where a lot of
progress can start
being made in almost
every area of life
from science,
medicine, archeology,
understanding our human nature.
>>NOORY: Are you constantly
asking yourself who are we?
What are we?
What are we doing here?
How did it start?
>>MEREDITH: Well, that's
what I do my talks on.
That exact subject.
As I mentioned,
I came in contact
with this information from this
group of beings very long ago.
And then I started looking
at all of the other stories.
All of the research I've
done this 30 years since,
to see if it had
some truth to it.
If this could possibly hold
water on a large pre-history
scale.
And as far as we can go,
because it's prehistory,
which we don't have any
evidence of, no matter what
religion or belief system, it's
the closest thing to something
that feels cohesive to
me as to what we are now,
why we're here, how we got here,
and then what the charges in us
now, where we're going.
So, yes, I think
about that a lot.
I lecture on it.
And I call it our
mysterious human origins.
>>NOORY: Will we ever
get these answers?
>>MEREDITH: Well,
you could arguably
say maybe the answers are here.
It's a matter of whether we
choose to believe them or not.
>>NOORY: Or find them.
>>MEREDITH: Or find them.
Or take them and test them,
start looking at it through--
this is the thing.
There are so many people
that are intuitive, open,
actually pretty clear
channels of information,
just as intuitives
in regular people.
I think Dolores
Cannon's work was really
a wonderful representation--
>>NOORY: God bless her soul.
>>MEREDITH: Yes, I loved her.
>>NOORY: She was a giant.
>>MEREDITH: She was.
And the thing is, as she
went through all those years,
she kept hearing these touching
points in these stories
from people.
Like going back to
the days of Atlantis.
The early days.
The final days, the early
days and final days of Egypt.
These people, thousands
of regressions.
Their information
was overlapping.
Now we take that and just
throw it off as well, I wonder.
I don't do that.
I look at it and
say, if there is
a collective story
that's emerging,
that's coming from us.
We need to take this
seriously and look into it.
And maybe have people
that are capable
travel a little more deeply
back into that information
and see what they
can bring forward.
We know it can be done.
Tom Campbell.
Right?
My Big Toe and what he did with
the Monroe Institute, right?
They went back
together-- they went out
and they connected
together and were
able to bring back information.
There are people that
can go back in the past
together and bring
back information
that concurs with one another.
>>NOORY: One of the things
that we're constantly
striving for is to try
to figure out how we
were formed in this universe.
We call it the big bang.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> The beginning of everything.
The Big Bang.
The idea that the
universe was suddenly born
and is not infinite.
Up to the middle of
the 20th century,
most scientists
thought of the universe
as infinite and ageless.
Until Einstein's
theory of relativity
gave us a better
understanding of gravity,
and Edwin Hubble discovered
that galaxies are moving apart
from one another in a way that
fits previous predictions.
In 1964, by accident,
cosmic background radiation
was discovered.
A relic of the early
universe, which
together with other
observational evidence,
made the Big Bang the
accepted theory in science.
Since then, improved technology
like the Hubble telescope
has given us a pretty good
picture of the Big Bang
and the structure of the cosmos.
Recent observations
even seem to suggest
that the expansion of the
universe is accelerating.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: No wonder you
call your show Open Minds.
>>MEREDITH: You have
to have an open mind.
>>NOORY: Because
that's what it is.
>>MEREDITH: It is.
OK, this is an example.
So, what we've just watched
here is the scientific rendering
of how our universe started.
Now, if I were to listen to
the beings that educated me
through the years, they would
say something like this.
There was no Big Bang.
They said, that is not-- in the
large scale and even the macro
scale--
how creation works.
There is a template of
sorts, and with the template,
you start magnetizing
all of the elements.
You're using sound, you're
using light, motion,
the elements and gases forming
together to form universes,
to form solar systems, and to
form a planet and the things
upon the planet.
And that creation is not
a chaotic, random thing.
Creation is a process.
And everything
goes through-- just
like a baby, from the original
sperm into the adult man,
goes through a process.
And they said, it's no
different with your universe.
But the hard part,
I think, for people
to get their mind
around, that means
where did the
template come from?
And that gets you to
the nature of what
is mind, what is creation,
what is the great creator?
Is there such a being?
Are there a group
of beings that--
they're like you and me,
but have vast abilities
to create and spin
this vision into what
drops into a physical reality.
And that's what
they'd say happened.
So, how can you marry
these two, right?
>>NOORY: On my
radio show, Regina,
I cannot find a physicist
to explain the Big Bang.
>>MEREDITH: No one can.
>>NOORY: And I'm
beginning to think
you are absolutely right that
maybe it never even happened.
>>MEREDITH: As above, so below.
That's the hermetic axiom.
If you decide you're going to
create a beautiful painting,
you have at your
disposal the minerals
and such that create the
colors and the paint, right?
You have the medium,
the paper and such,
whatever canvas that
you're going to paint on.
You have an idea in your
head, and you execute it.
And that is your creation.
What if you were able to create
at the level of mind that
can simply create a universe?
It's no different.
>>NOORY: They're
talking about the fact
that we might be living in
a digital world right now.
I find that hard to believe
that somebody could blot us out
at any moment.
But it's possible.
>>MEREDITH: It's possible.
I don't really tend
to go there with that.
I think that life and creation
is a much more organic thing
than that.
Now does that mean that we're
not in a type of digital mind
matrix?
Of course, we are.
We're programmed from
the second we're born.
Our souls have been programmed
throughout our incarnation
paths.
So you can say that our
subconscious mind is certainly
a program.
And then waiting to have new
input in there, so that you
can start changing
the program so
that it's functioning
on your behalf and maybe
a more cohesive way.
I think everybody's
looking for that.
How to have a better
life, which means
you have to really
intersect new data
and open up the mind
and the subconscious
mind for new inputs so that
you can start creating.
But that's within our power.
There is, I don't
think, anything
that's going to blot us out.
I do not believe we're
simply a digital reality.
Even though, again, going
back to Tom Campbell,
he would say that our
reality we experience
is collectively rendered,
which in editing terms,
of course, is a digital process.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MEREDITH: But
at the same time,
that is simply a matter
of a collectively agreed
upon substance and
mind and experience.
If this is a human and this
is what humans look like,
we agree on that.
And so that is how the
mind will perceive it.
Even though we know
that we can't even
do the number of digits.
We are simply space.
I mean, when you just look
at the atomic functioning,
you take, say, an
atom of fluoride--
I think it's fluoride-- the
exact same number of electrons
in that atom as you have
planets in our solar system.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>MEREDITH: All
the rest is space.
So, what is it that's creating
this illusion of density
and my perception of you?
That, I think, is a
collectively agreed upon reality
or collectively
rendered reality.
But it doesn't
make it inorganic.
It doesn't make it
digital, in my opinion.
>>NOORY: In the years of
doing Open Minds, have
you made a decision on
divine intelligence or a God?
Is it there?
>>MEREDITH: Well, as I said,
if you take that other story
about the origins of the
universe, it would have to be,
wouldn't it?
>>NOORY: Something's
got to be there.
>>MEREDITH: Something of a
vast level of intelligence
is able to create at capacity
levels we can't understand,
just as we we're able to create
beyond the capacity of an ant.
If an ant can work in a
hive mentality and tunnel
a little bit--
>>NOORY: And they're brilliant.
>>MEREDITH: Dig a little bit
and create a cohesive community,
they've got their
brilliant community.
You might be able to make
a beautiful masterpiece.
That's your capability.
You do what you do.
You use your words.
You affect people
around the world.
That's your capability.
They just have a greater
capability, I believe.
So I do believe that.
And what's interesting
in the dance on Earth
to me is that just like in our
bodies, on a cellular level,
we have anabolic and
catabolic function.
Cells are born, cells die.
We're born, we die.
Stars.
Everything is born and it dies.
>>NOORY: So, you
are able to decide
after all these years of
doing shows like Open Minds
that there is what
I will call God.
>>MEREDITH: Yes.
Yes.
I believe-- you can call it
God, you can call it the great
creative force,
you can call it--
>>NOORY: Energy.
>>MEREDITH: Anything.
Energy.
Intelligence.
And I think this is where
we get hung up politically.
The political
religious movements
of, say, intelligent design
that ticks off all the atheists.
Everyone's always ticking
off somebody in this--
>>NOORY: Sure.
You can't win.
>>MEREDITH: You can't win.
But the reality is, you look--
OK, you look at a rose.
Do you honestly think that
that's a random explosion
of some chaotic matter?
No.
There is such a
beautiful patterning
and design and geometry.
There's such incredible
grace and beauty
in the way this world
has been created,
I don't think that happens by a
random assemblage of molecules.
Thus, something,
someone, somewhere
has the capability to
create on vast scales.
>>NOORY: Well, when I
landed in Denver yesterday
for these programs
today, I'm going up
the escalator at the Denver
airport, and I'm looking,
Regina, at all these
people on the escalator.
And as I'm looking at them, they
all get off with their legs,
and their arms are
holding their suitcases,
and their eyes are
looking around.
And I always ask myself
these strange questions.
Who could conceive of this?
To create a creature that
needs legs to walk around, that
needs arms to hold things and
create, that needs eyes to see,
that needs a nose to smell, that
needs a mouth to talk and eat.
It's brilliant!
>>MEREDITH: It is.
>>NOORY: Does that
happen by random?
>>MEREDITH: Not only does
it not happen randomly,
in my opinion-- these
are my opinions--
but some of the people I've
interviewed along the way--
And I think this also was
in George Adamski's work--
there is a thought that this
is the most perfected kind
of physical species
to work through.
Even if we were
slightly less dense,
we have the capacities to do a
lot in this particular vehicle.
More than any other one we
see on Earth, for example.
>>NOORY: If dolphins
only could have fingers--
>>MEREDITH: If they
only had fingers, right?
And so they say that this
humanoid configuration
exists throughout the universe.
That there are
thousands and thousands
of other planets with
humans, with human features,
more or less.
Now maybe some of them
have one finger omitted.
Or something like that.
But still, this is the
preferred vehicle in order
to express one's creativity.
>>NOORY: It's brilliant.
>>MEREDITH: Mm hmm.
>>NOORY: The late
Zecharia Sitchin
talked about the
Anunnaki coming here
to genetically alter
whatever species might
have been on the planet.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>ZECHARIA SITCHIN: How
could possibly the Sumerians
know that the sun
is in the center
and that's how the solar
system came into being,
and there was an
invader, and the invader
has this great elliptical
orbit, et cetera.
And the answer,
again, it is written.
It is written down that
they are not called tablets,
they are called cylinders.
Square cylinders, in this case.
And this one, in particular.
Another one like it can
be seen by any one of you
if you go to England, to
Oxford, to the Ashmolean Museum.
And this is called the
Sumerian Kings List.
And it says that about 430,000
years before the deluge,
a people called
Anunnaki, in this text,
called Anunnaki, came from
their planet and visited Earth
and brought
civilization to Earth.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: What a
great researcher.
I had the luxury of giving
him a Lifetime Achievement
Award at the Conscious Life
Expo several years ago,
before he passed on.
>>MEREDITH: Yes.
>>NOORY: And I
was curious to see
how old he was, because he
has been going on forever
at that time.
So, while we're giving
him the award, and I went,
Zecharia, how old
are you, anyway?
In front of this big audience.
And he stopped and says,
George, that's very rude.
>>MEREDITH: Indeed.
>>NOORY: And I'll
never forget that.
But the guy was a genius.
>>MEREDITH: He was a genius,
and he had a huge contribution.
And I met him probably, maybe
even right around that time,
at the Expo.
And the one thing I
remember about him--
this a silly little thing--
is he was-- I don't know
why we were holding hands.
He liked me, I guess.
We were holding
hands for a minute.
He had the softest
baby skin I have ever
felt outside of a baby.
>>NOORY: And he was
about 90 years old.
>>MEREDITH: He was very old.
It was right before he died.
Anyway, yes.
And I find that the
work he did in terms
of his interpretations, and
there are other people--
Chris Hardy, who is doing
beautiful interpretations
of the work, as well.
Very useful,
because it gives us,
in my opinion, a glimpse
of our modern history.
Our history, there's
enough evidence now.
Michael Cremo work
alone, many others.
>>NOORY: Dramatic.
>>MEREDITH: Oh my gosh.
We're hundreds of millions
of years old, as a species.
We've had many, many
civilizations throughout time--
>>NOORY: And many catastrophes.
>>MEREDITH: And
many catastrophes.
And this is at least
capturing the latest one.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MEREDITH: Right.
I think he did
brilliant work there.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Michael Heiser
doesn't accept his theories.
He was at odds with Sitchin.
But the more times I interviewed
Sitchin, the more I would say,
how could the guy be wrong?
He's looking at these clay
tablets and these cuneiforms.
How could he be wrong?
>>MEREDITH: Well, I don't
think it's about being wrong.
I think there's a place
for both of these stories.
And that is that
piece of that story
from that part of
the world, he may be
fairly accurately interpreting.
But it's only a pixel
of our history, and only
one place on the planet that was
under development at that time.
It's just that that one
has the surviving texts.
>>NOORY: DNA manipulation.
>>MEREDITH: Mm hmm.
>>NOORY: Linda Moulton
Howe, of course,
interviewed a
whistleblower about that.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>LINDA MOULTON
HOWE: Sherman said
that he had been told that the
EBENs experimented genetically
in Bhutan, Tibet, and
Nepal, and then transplanted
some of those altered
human ET hybrids to what we
call the Yucatan and Guatemala
region of Central America.
Sherman said the EBENs used
DNA harvested and manipulated
from Bhutan for another EBEN
genetic experiment far away
to the other side of the
world from the Himalayas.
Then, in 850 AD, Sherman
said the EBENs beamed up
most of the Mayan
ET human hybrids
and transported them to another
planet for unknown reasons.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: What a wild story.
>>MEREDITH: Well, it is
a wild story on one hand.
But I can maybe toss a
couple things into this.
I would argue there's not a
person listening, including
you and I sitting here;
that some aspect of us
has not been genetically
modified sometime
in our distant, distant past.
That was what occurred in
the early part of time.
There were genetic
manipulations.
And not necessarily for
dark purposes at all.
But simply out of need.
And that's what
I talk about when
I do that origin story,
such as at Starworks USA,
is I talk about that
part of the story,
specifically, that we need to
stop taking umbrage to the fact
that we have been part of
an enhancement process,
so to speak.
We are what we are.
We're still flesh and blood.
And we can see the differences
in different people, even.
We look at and say, oh, jeez,
that looked like an ET there.
And now as far as the Mayans--
and so I would argue that
certainly in Atlantis,
there was a lot of
engineering going on.
But I would further
argue, far prior to that,
that we are ourselves
a hybrid species,
and there was a little bit
of electrical engineering
that went on to make these
two species fit together.
As far as the Mayans go, the
beings that I have talked
about a couple of
times already, part
of what they told
me ages ago was I
was asking about the
Mayans, why does no one
understand what
happened to the Mayans?
And they said very
simply, well you
know there's always
been space travel,
throughout the universes,
and on your planet as well.
You've always had others there.
And they said, they were
removed before the deluge.
>>NOORY: They saved them.
>>MEREDITH: They say they were
removed before the deluge.
They saved them.
And I never really
asked, back then,
a lot of follow up
questions, except that they
did have certain genetics and
knowledge that were valuable
that they didn't
want to have lost.
Whoever they are.
And they said they were simply
flown out before the deluge.
>>NOORY: If you have
that opportunity
to ask that one question
to something, somebody,
to get that answer you've
always been looking for,
what would that question be?
>>MEREDITH: OK.
I have had a question.
And this, again, came from
both Dolores Cannon's work
and also from the beings
that I have spoken of.
And that is, we were
told many years ago--
35 years ago, or so--
that there is another
earth that has
been formed, that we've reached
a point in consciousness
where you have such a
diversity in consciousness
here that it's
really not serving
all to be in the same
place at the same time.
You want to expedite
your lessons,
if you're trying to make a fast
track, contributing to society,
elevating your frequencies.
You want to be with people
you can do this with.
If you're slow on
the uptake on that,
say you're struggling with
the basics of survival,
just learning the basic
things, no rape, no murder.
Maybe you need to
be among people
that are learning
the same lessons
so you can all
learn faster, right?
And so, it was proposed
that there has already
been a two-Earth scenario
that's been created,
and we won't know
the difference as we
have amnesia at the end
of a given incarnation,
before we re-enter.
And that that has
already been populated.
So my question is-- and same
thing came up in Dolores
Cannon's work again and again--
there's a two-Earth scenario.
My question is, which
Earth are we on?
>>NOORY: That's right.
And how many are there?
>>MEREDITH: Right.
Whether there are one, whether
there are two, or there
are three.
If there's more than
one, is this the Earth?
My feeling on that, even
though I don't have the answer,
and I wish someone could tell
me, is that the Earth we're
on right now-- because she is
lifting her own frequencies.
She will heal herself
if we stop kicking her.
Very rapidly.
>>NOORY: It's the Gaia Theory.
>>MEREDITH: It's
the Gaia Theory.
That she, because she's
elevating her frequencies,
those who choose to stay with
her have to elevate theirs.
It's a simple vibrational match.
Either you match or you don't.
You get in or you don't.
So, I'm thinking that this
Earth is actually the one that
will continue progressing.
And we have another
Earth that may be there
for us to learn the kindergarten
lessons and then move on from.
>>NOORY: Back in
May of 2017, Regina,
divers found in the North
Sea what could be Atlantis.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>> Divers from oil companies
located within the North Sea
have been discovering the
remains of a drowned ancient
city, which once spanned from
the UK all the way to Denmark.
An ancient city so massive,
its suspected population
has been estimated well
into the tens of thousands.
A team of climatologists,
archaeologists,
and geophysicists have
now successfully mapped
the area, which has revealed
just how vast and expansive
this once lost land once was.
Many specialists are now
claiming this was once
the real heartland of Europe.
This enormous
civilization is now
believed to have dated back
to some 8,000 years ago,
and that the landmass
was submerged
over a period of
several thousand years.
A submersion which began
some 20,000 years prior.
Dr. Richard Bates
of the Department
of Earth Sciences
at St. Andrews,
who organized the drowned
landscapes exhibit covering
the finds within the
UK, says the data
reveals the human story
behind Doggerland,
a now submerged city
of the North Sea
that was once larger than many
modern European countries.
Could these discoveries
reveal Doggerland
as the real lost
city of Atlantis?
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Or the lost
continent of Atlantis?
>>MEREDITH: Yes.
Now, through my
decades of research,
I've been fascinated
with Atlantis.
And what I've come to
understand-- again,
this is my understanding,
my research--
is that Atlantis actually--
it's far more ancient
than they believed.
That it was concurrent
with Lemuria.
So, it already existed prior
to the loss of Lemuria.
So, there was that transit back
and forth between the peoples.
And that ancient Egypt
actually dates back--
the civilization dates
back 200,000 years.
It was concurrent
with Atlantis as well.
This starts
explaining artifacts.
But that Atlantis actually
went down in three stages.
The northern part chunked
off first, then the center--
>>NOORY: Over time.
>>MEREDITH: Over time.
Over a very long period of time.
We lost the top,
which would be more
what they're talking about.
Then it kept breaking
off down to what
we look at around Portugal
and even more south than that.
And that as it broke off, the
highest knowledge, the highest
civilizations were the
earliest ones up north.
And it became lowered
in consciousness
to where warring set in.
It was peaceful,
initially, and beautiful.
Beautiful.
And that warring set in.
By the time we lost Atlantis,
the final remnant of it,
and what they say
is the great deluge,
we did have warring
species and populations.
But still, some advance
technological and spiritual
knowledge that basically
was emigrated off
to various parts of Europe,
the Yucatan, and so forth.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Do you see any
opportunity for humans
today, based on
things that happened
in Atlantis a long time ago?
>>MEREDITH: Opportunities
toward what?
What specifically?
>>NOORY: For bettering
our society and our lives?
>>MEREDITH: Absolutely.
I do believe that there is
a wheel of reincarnation.
So, I argue that the very
people that were there,
that had that
advanced knowledge--
say, in the very
beginning of time.
Even the Lemurian knowledge--
a very deep understanding
of how the cosmos and reality
and nature itself works,
and how to create.
We're back.
We're back right now.
All we have to do is
tap into that memory.
And that's completely
accessible to us,
depending on our desire to
work at it a little bit.
To be able to do that
vertical integration.
All the information's there.
We could be living literally on
a paradise on Earth right now.
>>NOORY: How many people
are advanced enough, Regina,
to really tap into things
like that, and really get it?
>>MEREDITH: I think only a
small percentage at this time.
>>NOORY: I agree.
>>MEREDITH: But that
percentage is really--
a lot of them are starting
to work in various ways
to help inculcate that ability
and knowledge and the way
to reach into oneself,
to the public at large.
And I think the
same spectrum exists
whether you're in the dark
ages, Atlantis, or today.
You always have a
spectrum of people
at the very top who are
the teachers, the ones who
have come to bring light, to
bring possibility and knowledge
to the people.
Then you have what they
call, I guess in advertising,
the early adopters.
The ones that say, yeah,
I'm taking that on.
And they become teachers.
And then you have
those who are, yes,
I would like to enhance
my understanding of life
and my reality in this world.
And then you have those that are
just surviving and don't care.
And I think that spectrum
stays roughly the same,
no matter what.
You just all kind of rise
a little bit together,
or fall together.
>>NOORY: Like the theories
of Michael Cremo, where
he believes mankind is way
older than people think,
there was a fellow by
the name of Bartles
who found 320 million
year old footprints.
How do you explain that?
>>MEREDITH: Well, you just get
comfortable with the notion
we've been around
a really long time.
>>NOORY: A long time.
>>MEREDITH: You don't
have to explain it
if there's evidence there.
Follow the thread.
And then start looking
at the collective memory
that I talked about at the
very beginning of the show.
Where is that coming
up somewhere else?
Where is there cross-validation
for that scientifically
and intuitively?
I don't have a
problem with the fact
that we might even be, in Vedic
terms, billions of years old.
I have no problem with that.
>>NOORY: What are portal beings
and their influence on us?
>>MEREDITH: In the story that
I speak of, the portal beings
were the original high
consciousness, highly creative,
highly intelligent beings
that existed in this space,
in another dimension--
>>NOORY: But physical?
>>MEREDITH: Nonphysical.
Another dimension of
what we would call Earth.
Earth has many dimensions.
These beings existed, and as the
third dimension, this reality
we're in here, this
physical reality,
was coming into
fruition, into creation,
they threw an anomaly that
the beings call a portal, had
the ability to simply peer
in on this happening that
was occurring here, this
development of this incredibly
interesting planet, because of
the diversity of life forms.
They had the ability
to initially peer in.
And over time, they
had the ability
to go through this
area that was almost
like a portal
between dimensions.
Almost like a wormhole.
But we wouldn't call it that.
It was an area-- they call
it, almost of a plasticity--
that allowed what's
not normally allowed.
A being from one
dimensional band
to reach in and blend with,
observe, and ultimately
tinker with, a little bit,
another dimensional world.
That's not normal.
>>NOORY: Are they all benevolent
when they make that transition?
>>MEREDITH: The original portal
beings that were spoken of,
it was benevolent.
They were just curious.
They were just there
because they could be there.
And ultimately, the fascination
with density and with body,
with being able to merge with
a fish or a simple species--
a bird-- and feel
this sensory input
there was fascinating to
them, according to this story.
The thing is, they
stayed too long.
More complex life forms were
being created at that time,
and that is really
the problem of what
became the human dilemma of
being a highly electrical,
electrically charged,
shimmering, intelligent,
creative force that ultimately
was put in the position
to merge with the
most developed animal
body on the planet of the
day, which is basically this.
The human.
>>NOORY: And are they
still interacting with us?
>>MEREDITH: They're
not interacting.
They are us.
They merged.
They're one.
>>NOORY: We are who they are.
>>MEREDITH: We are who they are.
At our core is this vastly
intelligent, creative--
the thing that makes
us cry at valor or cry
at beauty, no other
animal on this planet
cries at these things.
It affects us on
such a deep level
that we can't even
explain it ourselves.
That is the part that is
the very elevated, creative,
highly intelligent,
advanced, shimmery,
electrical being that
ultimately merged with flesh.
And so we're trapped between
the two on one level.
But we're also one of the
most splendid experiments
in the universe because
we have the ability
of merging two worlds.
And it's just not done that way.
Through the years, it's been
expressed over and over.
This is not done.
This species is a
very unusual one.
And in the hermetic
order, they say
that the angels bow
their head in shame
before a human that has been
able to raise themselves up
into a high level
of consciousness
because it's so difficult to
do in this human spectrum,
in this world with time
and density and resistance
all around.
To be able to break through and
be a truly elevated, divinely
behaved human is not easy.
And they say the greatest
beings in the universe
bow when that happens.
That's a thought.
>>NOORY: Regina, thanks
for being on Beyond Belief.
>>MEREDITH: Thank you so much
for having me on, George.
>>NOORY: And good luck with
all your programs, too.
>>MEREDITH: Thank you so much.
>>NOORY: Open Minds and
so many other things.
>>MEREDITH: Yes.
Thank you.
I appreciate it.
>>NOORY: Regina
Meredith is probably
one of the top experts in
the field of consciousness
and developmental history.
And of course, you've got to
watch her program on Gaia.com
as well.
Open Minds.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching Beyond Belief.